# Koma Privacy Policy

Last updated: May 23, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

<h2>Definitions</h2>
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

Application refers to Koma, the software program provided by the Company.

Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Koma.

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to the Application.

Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.



Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.


<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>
<h3>Personal Data collected</h3>
The only data we require is the email for the creation of the account to access Koma. Aditional personal data such as names and profile pictures are completely opcional and are not a requirement to access Koma.

The email address will not be shared with anyone inside or outside the app. The display name and profile picture that the you provide are public inside the app. Meaning that anyone with access to the app will be able to see this data. We do not verify the name given by you, neither we require this name to be your given name. 

<h3>Usage Data Collected</h3>
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.


You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

<h2>Contact Us</h2>
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: emilionunez011@gmail.com
